c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\bin\Debug\Proje_Hastane.exe
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\bin\Debug\Proje_Hastane.pdb
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmBilgiDüzenle.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmBranş.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorBilgiDuzenle.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorDetay.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorGiris.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorPaneli.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDuyurular.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmGirisler.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmHastaGiriş.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmHastaKayit.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmRandevuListesi.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmSekreterDetay.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmSekreterGiris.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.exe
c:\users\tugcenur\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.pdb
C:\Users\TUGCENUR\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDetay.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\bin\Debug\Proje_Hastane.exe
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\bin\Debug\Proje_Hastane.pdb
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmBilgiDüzenle.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmBranş.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDetay.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorBilgiDuzenle.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorDetay.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorGiris.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDoktorPaneli.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmDuyurular.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmGirisler.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmHastaGiriş.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmHastaKayit.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmRandevuListesi.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmSekreterDetay.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.FrmSekreterGiris.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.exe
E:\visualstudiokodlar\Proje_Hastane\Proje_Hastane\obj\Debug\Proje_Hastane.pdb
